alright guys i am i'm going to show you
a secret mission and then another secret
inside that mission so if you've
completed the game and go back to story
mode mission select and head to museum
you'll recognize that from the credits
if you've completed so i'm well just
wait on this then i'll show you
alright this is where you are to walk
around sir like parts on missions and
probably recognized everywhere right
around it man get all the weapons here
stuck up
I'll show you something else there's a
roomful of all the vehicles and then
another room for all the other people
and to the secret what you want to do
first is stock up on some LMGs
definitely don't know why that's have
reloaded but you see if you walk up
close it does it we cut scene then it
just freezes again I am yeah stock up
and what you want I want to do now is
start you start here but in the other
room and both rooms such as red button
says do not press but it still happens
shut up
and you'll get like the air strike sound
from when you've completed there when
you've killed everyone this room but now
go to the other room if you want try and
take them on you don't get in this room
here we go again
there you go so that we secret for you
go check it out thanks for watching